Add text file for coding LLMs with high-level nwaku info and style guide advice (#3624)
waku-org/nwaku: AGENTS.md

Author: Renamed to `AGENTS.md` (de66e51c37d01e501dc398cd3eb1846d84c877b4).

# CLAUDE.md - nwaku AI Coding Context

> This file provides essential context for LLMs assisting with nwaku development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file provides essential context for LLMs assisting with logos messaging development.
```
